docs: v10 (#828)
ansys/actions: doc/source/migrations/docs-deploy-pr-setup.rst

.. _docs-deploy-pr-setup:

Deploy documentation from a pull request
========================================

The ``ansys/action/doc-deploy-pr`` action handles both the deployment of html documentation from
a pull request as well as it's automatic removal once the pull request is closed. Therefore,

> the ``closed`` github event should be added to ``on.pull_request.types`` to ensure that the action is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the ``closed`` github event must be added to ``on.pull_request.types`` to ensure that the action is
```

> triggered for documentation removal upon PR closure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
triggered for documentation removal upon pull-request closure.
```

> To limit the number of deployed pull request documentation, a ``maximum-pr-doc-deployments`` input
> is provided, which is especially useful when a lot of pull requests can be opened at the same time
> in your repository or when the size of your documentation is quite large. In addition to this input,

Reviewer: This sentence is long. Let's chop it so it is easier to read. Also, I bet Google documentation style states introduced the decision followed by the explanation:

```suggestion
The ``maximum-pr-doc-deployments`` input can be used to limit the number of documentation deployments. This is useful when multiple pull-requests exist in your repository.
```

more fine-grained control of which pull requests should have their documentation deployed can be
achieved via a labeling strategy.

The following comments are automatically added to the pull request depending on the exact operation
carried out by the action:

> - A URL pointing to the deployed documentation when a fresh PR documentation deployment
>   occurs.
> - A confirmation of the removal of the documentation when the PR is closed.
> - A comment when ``maximum-pr-doc-deployments`` is exceeded and the documentation for the current pull request
>   cannot be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A URL pointing to the deployed documentation.
  
- A confirmation of the removal of the documentation when the PR is closed.

- A comment when ``maximum-pr-doc-deployments`` is exceeded
```

Two different ways of setting up the action are proposed below, depending on the level of control desired.

1. Basic setup

   This configuration implies documentation deployment for every pull request, as long
   the limit set by ``maximum-pr-doc-deployments`` is not exceeded. This configuration is especially
   suitable for documentation-only projects where deploying the documentation for every pull request may be

>    desirable (since most pull requests will involve editing the documentation work). Configure your workflow

Author: ```suggestion
   desirable (since most pull requests will involve editing the documentation). Configure your workflow
```
